Ah!
I didn't want to argue with you
You have to provoke me
Don't blame me for being rude
Uh-huh.
What are you two fighting about?
Run him over
He is such a piece of crap.
You can't do it well.
left and right
You're quite imposing, aren't you?
Look who this is.
Xiaorui Xiaorui
Who is it?
Ah look I forgot
It's the first time you've seen me
My husband.
Because you divorced me
I stand in front of you now
You don't even know who I am
That's Forestry's ex-wife.
You just scrapped the Dream City one.
So it makes sense that I shaved his face now
He's your kid.
Some children also deserve this little wild breed
Don't go stop
No children.
Mom mom
The villain is really a little wild
I can't keep it
Even if he is not your biological son
So you've been together for so long?
Don't you have any feelings at all?
He's your son of a bitch
What feelings could I have for him?